optional return (#69)
RalfJung/minirust: lang/step.md

        let mut locals: Map<LocalName, Place<M>> = Map::new();

        // First evaluate the return place and remember it for `Return`. (Left-to-right!)
        let ret_place = ret.try_map(|(caller_ret_place, _abi)| {
            let caller_ret_place = self.eval_place(caller_ret_place)?;

            return caller_ret_place;
        })?;

        // Create place for return local, if needed.
        if let Some((ret_local, _abi)) = func.ret {
            let callee_ret_layout = func.locals[ret_local].layout::<M>();
            locals.insert(ret_local, self.mem.allocate(callee_ret_layout.size, callee_ret_layout.align)?);
        }

>         // check ABI compatibility

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Check ABI compatibility.
```

        let mut locals: Map<LocalName, Place<M>> = Map::new();

        // First evaluate the return place and remember it for `Return`. (Left-to-right!)
        let ret_place = ret.try_map(|(caller_ret_place, _abi)| {
            let caller_ret_place = self.eval_place(caller_ret_place)?;

            // FIXME: spec Ok-wrapping of return expressions does not work in closures.

>             return caller_ret_place;

Author: @RalfJung alright, time for the next iteration ^^

        let mut locals: Map<LocalName, Place<M>> = Map::new();

        // First evaluate the return place and remember it for `Return`. (Left-to-right!)
        let ret_place = ret.try_map(|(caller_ret_place, caller_ret_abi)| {
            let caller_ret_place = self.eval_place(caller_ret_place)?;

            // Create place for return local, if needed.
            if let Some((ret_local, callee_ret_abi)) = func.ret {
                let callee_ret_layout = func.locals[ret_local].layout::<M>();
                locals.insert(ret_local, self.mem.allocate(callee_ret_layout.size, callee_ret_layout.align)?);
                if caller_ret_abi != callee_ret_abi {
                    throw_ub!("call ABI violation: return ABI does not agree");
                }
            } else {
                // FIXME: Can we truly accept any caller ABI if the callee does not return anything?
            }

>             return caller_ret_place;

Author: This `return caller_ret_place;` instead of `caller_ret_place`,
because `specr` otherwise doesn't wrap it with `specr::hidden::ret(_)`.

(wrapping closure bodies in `ret` causes a few type inference problems, sadly)

        let frame = self.stack.pop().unwrap();
        let func = frame.func;
        let Some((ret_local, _)) = func.ret else {
            throw_ub!("Return from a function that does not have a return local");
        };

        // Copy return value, if any, to where the caller wants it.
        // We use the type as given by `func` here (callee type) as otherwise we
        // would never ensure that the value is valid at that type.
        if let Some(ret_place) = frame.caller_return_info.place {
            let ret_pty = func.locals[ret_local];
            let ret_val = self.mem.typed_load(frame.locals[ret_local], ret_pty)?;
            self.mem.typed_store(ret_place, ret_val, ret_pty)?;
        }

> 

Reviewer: This function also needs to jump to `frame.caller_return_info.next_block`.

        let frame = self.stack.pop().unwrap();
        let func = frame.func;
        let Some((ret_local, _)) = func.ret else {
            throw_ub!("Return from a function that does not have a return local");
        };

        // Copy return value, if any, to where the caller wants it.
        // We use the type as given by `func` here (callee type) as otherwise we
        // would never ensure that the value is valid at that type.
        if let Some(ret_place) = frame.caller_return_info.ret_place {
            let ret_pty = func.locals[ret_local];
            let ret_val = self.mem.typed_load(frame.locals[ret_local], ret_pty)?;
            self.mem.typed_store(ret_place, ret_val, ret_pty)?;
        }

        // Deallocate everything.
        for (local, place) in frame.locals {
            // A lot like `StorageDead`.
            let layout = func.locals[local].layout::<M>();
            self.mem.deallocate(place, layout.size, layout.align)?;
        }

        if let Some(next_block) = frame.caller_return_info.next_block {
            self.mutate_cur_frame(|frame| {
                frame.jump_to_block(next_block);
            });
        } else {

>             throw_ub!("Function returned without specifying next block");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            throw_ub!("Return from a function where caller did not specify next block");
```
